DockerCompose term glossary.md (#4031)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/afterword/glossary.md

Docker Container
  An active computational environment executed from a Docker image.

Docker Compose

>   A tool that allows you to define and run multi-container Docker applications. Through a YAML file, you can specify the configuration of each container, networks, and volumes, and then orchestrate them with a single command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A tool that makes it easier define and run multi-container Docker applications in a reproducible manner. Through a YAML file, you can declaratively specify your deployment including containers, networks, and volumes. You can then deploy all resources with a single command.
```

A few suggestions to improve the wording.
